- [Narrator] Hi, and welcome back
to your third programming exercise,
lists, tuples, and sets.
This exercise has three
steps, as we've seen.
Create a list, which must be called
my_list with three numbers, and the total
of the numbers added
together should be 100.
To create a tuple, called my_tuple,
with a single value in it, so
only one value in the tuple.
And finally, modify the variable set2,
which is down here, so
that set1.intersection
with set2 returns five, 77, nine, and 12.
Let's start with the
first instruction here.
Create a list called
my_list with three numbers.
We know how to create a list.
It's just a variable, so
we type the variable name,
equals, and then whatever
it is that's in the list,
so my_list equals, and
then we know that a list
uses square brackets, so
we're gonna have an opening
and closing set of square brackets,
and inside the square brackets,
we're gonna have the three numbers.
And the total of the
numbers added together
should be the value 100.
So, if we were to add the
three numbers we're gonna put
in here, we should get the
value 100, so what do we do?
Well, there's many things we can do.
We can do one comma two
comma 97, my apologies,
and that would give you 100.
We can do 100, zero, zero, and
that would also give you 100.
So, it doesn't matter what three values
as long as there are
three numbers in there
and the total is 100.
The next is to create
tuple called my_tuble,
with one single value in it.
Now, this trips up a lot of people,
because we can create
the my_tuple variable
and then we know that tuples use
normal brackets instead
of square brackets,
so we put in our opening
and closing set of brackets,
and then we put a value in
it, like 15, for example.
And now, a lot of other
students fall for this.
This is not a tupble.
Sadly, brackets around
the 15 is not a tuple.
This is the brackets that would be
in a mathematical equation.
For example, you might have
15 times two minus 10, say.
And what the brackets mean
here is that the 15 by two
happens before minus 10,
which it would anyway,
but nevertheless, these brackets here are
for mathematical preference only.
They do not signify a tuple.
So, this is slightly confusing.
Now you may wonder, well, how
do we define a tuple then,
and the way you define a
tuple is by making sure Python
understands that this is
not a maths equation here,
no mathematics is happening in this tuple,
so we put a comma, which is
not a mathematical symbol,
and now this tells Python,
okay, this is a tuple,
it has the brackets and
it has a value in it,
and then it has a comma,
which tells us that there
may be other values behind
it, even though there are not.
And this tells Python
that this is now a tuple.
Optionally, because this feels a bit weird
and a bit redundant, we can also
just remove the brackets
and just have 15 comma,
and now Python realises that
this is a single-value tuple.
So we can do that too.
Finally, we're gonna modify
set2, this variable here,
so that set1.intersection set2
is five, 77, nine, and 12.
The intersection between two sets
are the values that are in both sets.
So, in order to make set1
intersection set2 equal
five, 77, nine, and 12, all we have to do
is make sure that set1 and
set2 have these values in them.
And as you can see, set1 has the values
five, 77, nine, and 12,
so all we have to do
is make set2 have those values too.
So, five, 77, nine, and 12.
And then we can check the solution,
and they should tell us
that it is all correct.
Now, there we are.
So now we have created a
list with three values,
the total of which equals 100,
a single-value tuple, and we've looked
at a couple of potential
problems we can encounter
with that tuple, and finally
we've looked at modifying
the set variable, so that the intersection
of the two sets returns a specific set.
That's everything for this video.
I'll see you on the next one.